This build rewards high accuracy. Aim for the head and you'll find a crit will be capable of killing every unit on Death Wish including a Dozer with no face plate. And you WILL be dealing a lot of crits with Low Blow aced and Unseen Strike basic. On One Down it would take me two headshot crits to kill a Dozer.

Playing with this build feels a lot like playing with DMRs. Here however I did a lot of minmaxing. Thanks to the Specialized Killing skill and the silenced Gedämpfter Barrel I was able to get it to 210.6 damage and you'll end up dealing even more with headshots and crits. With your sniper you're also able to ADS quickly and after getting a headshot kill you'll be granted the ability to reload quickly as well. Also as opposed to the DMRs you'll be able to shoot through thin walls, body armor and shields.

Ammo efficiency is very good with this rifle even though the build has almost no skills to help it. On a single ammo box pick-up you'll be receiving 3-4 rounds.

Your secondary serves as a situational utility. If you find a group of enemies blocking your way The Judge's high explosive rounds will help you clear it. Pop your pocket ECM before doing so to regain health and grant yourself a +20% dodge buff for 30 seconds.

This is about as good as an LBV defense can get, with 130 armor and 35% passive dodge which can be raised to 55% with Hacker's temporary buff.

Use the buzzer melee if the enemies get too close for comfort to stun them or as a safer way to deal with a Taser or a triggered Cloaker.

This build is intended for Death Wish and while I haven't done a lot of testing I found success playing a couple of One Down heists as well.

If you want to try this build but don't have the Set of the Corrupted you can invest 2 skill points in the basic Quick Fix skill instead of Scavenger and Steady Grip. I'd also like to be able to use Team Boosts and Concealment Boosts however Payday 2's RNG won't let me. With more concealment modifications I could probably replace the Judge with the China Puff. If you don't like Hacker you can replace it with Crook with no problem.
