*This build is similar to my Lebensauger build. Look for the "One Down optimizations" section for a description of differences between the two builds.*

This build rewards high accuracy. Aim for the head and you'll find 1-2 crits will be capable of killing most units on One Down. And you WILL be dealing a lot of crits with Low Blow and Unseen Strike basic. It would take me two headshot crits to kill a Dozer. This solution allows you to deal high damage alternating efficiently between targets retaining ammo efficiency.

Thanks to the Specialized Killing skill and the Bigger the Better Suppressor I was able to get the DMR to 214.6 damage and you'll end up dealing even more with headshots and crits. Using it you're also able to ADS quickly.

Ammo efficiency is very good with this rifle even though the build has almost no skills to help it.
Your secondary serves as a situational utility. If you find a group of enemies blocking your way The Judge's high explosive rounds will help you clear it.

Use the buzzer melee if the enemies get too close for comfort to stun them or as a safer way to deal with a Taser or a triggered Cloaker.

*One Down optimizations*

To suit my DMR/Lebensauger build for One Down I reconfigured it to require <5 detection rate instead of <25 and refunded AR/sniper skills, Iron Man and filler skills earning myself points for One Down skills. I also replaced the Lebensauger sniper rifle with the Cavity 9mm assault rifle.

Because of this you no longer gain reload speed on a headshot kill and you can't penetrate thin walls and armor anymore.

While ammo efficiency is still excellent with well placed shots you might need to restock on ammo at least once during some jobs. You will need to rely on your ability to collect ammo drops and an ammo bag from the asset or from your teammate.

With crook you have 165 armor and your dodge is higher by 10% than Hacker's passive dodge and 10% lower than buffed Hacker dodge. This was done because 100 armor is not quite enough for OD but the movement speed characteristic to dodge builds is very useful.

You now get 3 grenades to deal explosive damage to stationary groups of enemies. This proves suprisingly useful for area control.

By default you can get downed once in One Down before turning grey and the second down will result in instant custody. With this build you can get downed twice before turning grey and the third down will result in instant custody.

You have 45% chance to automatically get back up after getting downed and with the Messiah skill you can kill an enemy in bleedout and press the jump button to get yourself up. You can only do this once but you restore this ability by using a medic bag.

Basic Swan Song allows you to keep fighting for three more seconds after depleting your health. Use this to suit your position better for your teammates to help you up.

The skillset is cut close for 120 points and there's little you can do to fit it for no infamy without reconfiguring it or making sacrifices.
